[Music]
Hello, you are watching Aaj Tak and I am
Nishan Chaturvedi with you. The big news of the moment
and the news is very good that
with a unique initiative of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, for the first time the Prime Minister of India will
participate in the Guinness Book of World Records.
This entire exercise will be done to promote the World Yoga Day.
According to the exclusive information received by Aaj Tak, on 21st June,
Prime Minister Modi will do yoga together with 35000 children
and this will be a record in itself.
This program will be held on Rajpath,
while yoga and asanas will be performed across the country from 7:00 am to 7:30 pm.
In this program, along with Prime Minister Narendra Modi,
many of his ministers, MPs, government officials,
employees, school children, army,
paramilitary forces, police and common people will all do
yoga at Rajpath. Apart from this, many well-known personalities like Amitabh Bachchan,
Shilpa Shetty, Virat Kohli, wrestler Sushil
Kumar and yoga guru Baba Ramdev have
also been invited to do yoga at Rajpath.
[Music]